ENDOC-725-oracle (#752)
entando/entando-docs: vuepress/docs/next/docs/curate/bundle-details.md

| |[Microservices Environment Variables](#microservices-environment-variables)|No||Entando-provided env variables for MS |
|`commands`|[Command[]](#command-specification)|No||Custom command(s) definitions|
|`version`|String|Required only for a custom stack||Microservice version override|

> > ^Note: Oracle and other DBMS types are not supported for automatic deployment in a container. Bundle env variables should be used instead, similar to the settings for the EntandoApp [external database](../../tutorials/devops/external-db.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ^Note: Oracle and other DBMS types are not supported for automatic deployment in a container. Bundle env variables should be used instead, similar to connecting an [external database](../../tutorials/devops/external-db.md) to the EntandoApp.
```
